docs: add restriction on matchCurrentVersion (#21485)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

  ]
}
```

> The syntax of the SemVer range must follow the [versioning scheme](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/versioning/#supported-versioning) scheme used by the [manager](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/manager/#supported-managers) which discovered the configured package.

Author: What's wrong there's no output at https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/actions/runs/4689904356/jobs/8312256317?pr=21485

Author: Why is it not outputting the expected contents?
What if I don't have a node.js dev env set up?

I'm trying
```
npm install
npm run prettier
```
but if it fails I'll just assume the lines are long and wrap them.

Author: Wow, that was way harder than it needed to be, a missing empty line. And then fighting with `.husky/pre-commit` hook because I don't have yarn installed. In the end the only way I was able to commit was on GitHub UI...

Author: How do I remove the git hook `npm install` added?

Author: I'm an Android / Java engineer, for a few .md changes I don't want to set up a whole new VM. 🙄

Author: > How do I remove the git hook npm install added?

Found it: `.git/config > hookspath`, side effects everywhere :)

}
```

The syntax of the SemVer range must follow the [versioning scheme](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/versioning/#supported-versioning)

> used by the [manager](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/manager/#supported-managers) which discovered the configured package.

Reviewer: versioning can be overwritten by package rule after extraction

Author: > The syntax of the SemVer range must follow the [versioning scheme](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/versioning/#supported-versioning)
used by the matched packages. This is usually defined by the [manager](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/manager/#supported-managers) which discovered them.

?

Reviewer: sure but change semver to version, other versioning are not semver.

> The syntax of the version range must follow the [versioning scheme](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/versioning/#supported-versioning)
> used by the matched packages. This is usually defined by the [manager](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/manager/#supported-managers) which discovered them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The syntax of the version range must follow the [versioning scheme](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/versioning/#supported-versioning) used by the matched package(s).
This is usually defined by the [manager](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/manager/#supported-managers) which discovered them or by the default versioning for the package's [datasource](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/datasource/).
```

> This is usually defined by the [manager](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/manager/#supported-managers) which discovered them or by the default versioning for the package's [datasource](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/datasource/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is usually defined by the [manager](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/manager/#supported-managers) which discovered them or by the default versioning for the package's [datasource](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/datasource/).
For example, a Gradle package would typically need Gradle constraint syntax (e.g. `[,7.0)`) and not SemVer syntax (e.g. `<7.0`).
```
